README.md, before:

### Software engineer versed in C, C++, and Python, and building familiarity with frontend languages like CSS, JS, and HTML through projects professional and personal.


- Hello, my name is Aadam Mirza, a current 2nd year Computer Science major at the University of California, Davis. My infatuation with technology has been a driving force in my career and life choices ever since I was a child. The sheer versatility of computational systems continue to amaze and inspire me, which is why I seek to utilize my growing expertise in software to improve the world around me. This is evident in almost all of my personal projects, such as [Riskquipo], which was my group's entry to the Hackdavis 2022 hackathon. Along with providing me with a pathway into frontend design a la HTML/CSS and JavaScript, Riskquipo utilized an artificial intelligence model to predict the risk of pregnancy complications based on various biometric factors, which would prove invaluable to those without easy access to medical facilities.

<!---
mirzaaadam/mirzaaadam is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Beautification
More Representative of Past and Current work

README.md, after:

# Hiya! I'm Aadam!

## About Me:
### Software engineer versed in C, C++, and Python, and building familiarity with frontend languages like CSS, JS, and HTML through projects professional and personal.


I'm current 2nd year Computer Science major at the University of California, Davis. My infatuation with technology has been a driving force in my career and life choices ever since I was a child. The sheer versatility of computational systems continue to amaze and inspire me, which is why I seek to utilize my growing expertise in software to improve the world around me. This is evident in almost all of my personal projects, such as [Riskquipo](https://github.com/mirzaaadam/Riskquipo-HackDavis2022), which was my group's entry to the Hackdavis 2022 hackathon. Along with providing me with a pathway into frontend design a la HTML/CSS and JavaScript, Riskquipo utilized an artificial intelligence model to predict the risk of pregnancy complications based on various biometric factors, which would prove invaluable to those without easy access to medical facilities. After the conclusion of my first year as a college student, I began to reflect on all of the methods myself and my peers had used to maximize productity; One method, the Pomodoro Technique, stood out to me as the one that worked the best, however due to its dependence on youtube-video based timers, the duration of the cycical work-rest phases the method consisted of had rather set-in-stone durations. To remedy this, and make the Pomodoro technique more modular and accessible, I started on my second Project, [Pomotimer](https://github.com/mirzaaadam/Pomotimer), an open-source terminal based adaptation of the Pomodoro technique.

## Projects 
- June-September 2021 : Research Intern @UC Davis under [Karen Moxon](https://bme.ucdavis.edu/people/karen-moxon).  
  - Wrote programs in python that conducted dimensionality reduction on multi-featured datasets (via machine learning algorithms) 
  - Conducted linear discriminant analysis on a collection of data totaling over thousands of entries derived from rat kinematics with resultant programs 

- April 2022: [Riskquipo](https://github.com/mirzaaadam/Riskquipo-HackDavis2022-) (Hackdavis 2022 Submission, JavaScript + HTML + CSS)
  - Scripted Frontend web page for Machine Learning project using Gaussian Naive Bayes model to predict risk of mother/child mortality during pregnancy using biometric risk factors. 

- September 2022: [Pomotimer](https://github.com/mirzaaadam/Pomotimer) (C++)
  - Implemented the ‘Pomodoro’ method of study through the creation of an open-source two-stage timer wherein user defines length of cyclical rest and work periods through simple command line input.                   
        
         

- 
<!---
mirzaaadam/mirzaaadam is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
